ohh it tingles so good
I like war
You are going to eldritch blast a giant weasel?
clowns are 1. Hot 2. Unkillable 3. Hot 4. Big dicks
i simp for e-peen
we all need an Edward to fill our hole
I can only [cum] if I imagine a dog dying
oh no oh no, its too deep its too deep
im coming into your hole
charge my balls
god is fucking legolas
who could have a wetter pussy than god
I can understand why some people have a fetish for it
just unzipping my butt
kermit has gone blind from cumming so hard
Pimping. it's so moreish.
why can't i get this lemon in my hole
Sorry, thinking holes of a straw is three? Shut up, cunt.
There's a bean stuck in the mouse hole
I do not have a clown fetish. I am merely a scholar
Kit, you're gonna get me into centipedes
being given political power is the only way I get off anymore
Is 64 divisible by 3?- Oh, of course it not's.
one second, let me just fondle my balls
no they called him flamingo Barry for a different reason
I wouldn't call it sexist, we're just being realistic
excellent gooping sir
can you squirt on her a bit here
I'm wet on the inside
come on down to MacDonalds and get a horny bugger
Dong. wait a min-
LOOK AT THIS PILE OF BODIES
you fool! his crotch bulge only makes me more powerful!
I mean yeah, why are you in a relationship? Just go fuck random people in the street.
picture it; gimp suit but with a little hat
ughghghgghghghghghghg
the worst place to be penetrated
that's wetter than I wanted it to be
I'll just kinda leak everywhere
google what should i do? ... fuck? ... aaaaghghg ugggh ... cumpie
I can and will suck you 
kit is a good friend
Oh yes I'm insatiably horny for Kermit
he's proposing a takeback?? ... nah, I'm looking for elo.
Kit's diagnosing me..
take me daddy
I'm something of a bone-holder
refer to it as my warm ass
Is it gay to have a large penis
What do you mean, I'm like totally boning kit
the universe is composed of two things, the bits around nipples and the bits not around nipples
what is dogging without getting absolutely coated?
you know what really gets me off? you shutting the fuck up
long hair sexually excites me
no I can't be racist to English people, I have a crush on kit
Oh no, my organs, they're all outside now
everything is hard
I can and will fuck God
I can and will continue to stalk my girlfriend
I wanna see Boris Johnson's cock
multiplying large numbers gives me a sexual thrill
my hole is always open
Hitler did nothing wrong
You've put me in a chess mood which is annoying
Mate me daddy
it's big enough
I've never had my tongue in his mouth
All philosophy is either a waste of time, or uncovering a conspiracy about the Jews.
Trying to stop a ritual is like trying to grab a well oiled balloon
I'm cringe
Avralos goes 'Yoink me up daddy'
ah, this is penis! im a moron
he's trying to set cock equal to balls, but we don't know what balls is
I’m woman
I just make people horny and that's my only purpose
who would make a robot you cant fuck
tell me i'm hot, tell me i'm hot
No one fucking likes me because I talk like I'm horny all the time
I'm extremely pro clone fucking
I spend a great deal of time looking at fake words that play chess for me
Oh no, I forgot to filter out the porn.
Counterspell is the sexiest spell.
sometimes friends eat each other
Everyone piles into Nordak’s hole
I'd like to keep your foot out of my anus
Jamie hasn't masturbated since he found out he was a man
jamie stop saying racial slurs
you're the reason for the Holocaust
use the smaller dildo, please
number go up
now the problem is that my boxers come down too far
we are exactly topologically equivalent to a tshirt
wait wait wait wait - ARE WE ACTUALLY BUYING HIGH AND SELLING LOW????
Just got killed by Sayori
validate me daddy
you can do me