nothing bad is gonna happen if you get impregnated by a spider
are ya shitting, or are you sharting
what goes in that head of yours, you sexy slut?
coooosmmooo the eunuch!
welcome, mike, king of furries
star wars stuff for sex is good
You finally did it Kit, you're now in the top 80%
thats going in quites
it's the fineprint
i should do randos but hey
i hate foreplay
i like prick
It's as safe as cumming into someone else's ass
I'm gonna cover this whole place with this goo
jamie if you're wanking me off whilst im hanging myself, I'm up for it
I haven't passed the Alan Turing test
There's just something about mating that's difficult
Time to shove a dick up my arse!
AYE AYE CAPTAIN, WHO LIVES IN A- checkmate
i have a thing for cosmo and cosmo alone
I am actually straight tho
can i lick your pussy, kit?
Does everyone just secretly have feelings for cosmo?
thoze nutz are not a cock of average proportion
I can't believe it's nearly 2022
shake it UUUUUUUUUP!!!!
i just want to know if you have a nice cock
Kit, how long's your cock?
im fully happy if you get a restraining order on me, mike, but you DONT HAVE ANY EVIDENCE
What race do you hate the most?
i have bad mouth horses
ah yes bc onions make you sweat
how lie is your dick?
dwarves don't get to go do fucking
if there's ever a serial rapist about, and jamie's in the area, we know who it is
I can sexually assault anyone I like
I wouldn't put [peanut butter] on your nuts, kit, it's not worth it
I know nothing's ever going to happen between us
why does cosmo always look amazing?? ... But he does always look really amazing.
It's late, so allow it
When I bash out... I BASH OUT
And this is how Kit learnt to beat Karl Magnuson
Cosmo, can I fuck you?
I'll buzz up your arse, Kit
Ahhhh.. It fucking hurt... That was good Mike
it's just so much easier to look at kit than anyone else, i always find my eyes drawn towards him
you've got such a big brain kit, i should listen to you more \s
fuck off me fuck off me fuck off me fuck off me
I'll club your nutz
you're already 50, maybe you don't need to live
i moaned because you're amazing at chess, kit
we should do selective breeding with people
kill your family
I just know too much about Mike's sex life
zook was pre-pubescent
i dont pretend to know how to spell
my arse is so fucking raw
ah, my butt hurts because [redacted]
Do you not want to remove deez nuts from your mouth?
I'm fully down with you smashing me, kit
my definition of disabled is just a picture of jamie
If you're not disabled, you're not a proper person
I want your dick
we need to find some horny pictures then :wink: 
I'll sexually harass you kit
I'll put my cock in your mouth
I'll shove my dick down your throat 'till you want it there.
Peasants shouldn't be allowed to live
oooohhh, i'm getting closer
I'll denature your arse
Fuck it or i fuck you
byee horny child, sleep well
Hitler felt good
Just go fully unprotected
Mutual Grinding
tentacle sex
you do want us don't you
Your fuck my mind you dirty boy
we.. are vemon