poop hard, shit hard, 25 days a week
got a big dick innit
unironically though, you need to fuck me in the ass
i've only ever done this once with a cup... and they always run away
Ohhhh you cannae special yer granny in a creep
come 'ere, I'm gonna rub mah fuckin balls on your face
I guess if you are gonna juice people up to do military work... women dont really matter anymore.
getting double-teamed right in the ass.. it's quite fun.
If you wanted to effectively eradicate the jews- not that I want to eradicate the jews- but if you wanted to eradicate the the jews...
Hitler should have just paid Viri to kill the jews
it's because im an obedient guy. i mean - that sounds weird. im good at taking orders.
i'm a good gamer girl
would you fuck your mum in the future? you would, wouldn't you. don't lie to me
I'm a eugenicist for dick size
butt stuff is cool though
Wait a minute -- I take viagra.
fuck medical workers, honestly
i just need a really fat wank
imagine being comfortable in your sexuality
oh no, the cum is gone, I cant feel my butt no more
i dont want foot in my ass, but...
Imagine having a small arsehole
I can only fit so much cum in my butt
I've got three friends.. who are all Adam.
Look -- I'm okay as long as you don't make me fat by cumming inside me
I'm horny for cosmo, uwu
come on, cum in my mouth
I just need to talk to my braincells
Ruff. Ruff ruff ruff ruff. I am a furry.
that's still gay, in a, you know. in a gay kind of way
oh no, now i know who was in paris
when it comes to the fantasy, you dont really want to rape a person
I'ma eat your ass.
i am into vore
my mum is your bitch
i'm a little pissy boy
okay alex
I'LL GIVE YOU FUCKING HEAD
they do call me the cock-teaser for nothing
I hate chess players now. I just -- I really wanna kill 'em.
mike un horny me plez
why the fuck is everything resistant to fire
I'll kin whoever I like
i kin tom holland... he can suck my dick
that's just sex
i just spray all over the place
i thought it was like saying the jews are greasy
women can't do maths
the idea for the people going to the clubs is that you get easier game cause they're drunk
capitalism excels at weeding out the weak
Yeah, unattractive, is like, eh, dogshit
If you disturb me while i'm playing with the bins, i'm gonna give you the knuckle sandwich
Straight, cis, white, man ... symbiotic relationship ... psychedelic
Boundaries [in a relationship] are gay
You've got pretty nice man-tits there
I don't want your balls in my mouth
You hate me, you die
How much is it to get the free game
Im like santa clause
You can stay over too, marina, but there's only one bed
I have had many experiences with a boy who was a black belt at Krav McFa.
I'm the straightest man alive... If you look up straight in the dictionary you'll see a picture of me
Your sole purpose is for fucking
the fact you can't get me up and I can get myself up...
Im going to do some research on this snuggle slut girl
Maybe I do take
Man, I do hate being gay.
Put it in me, I'd love for you to put it in me
can someone stop breathing please
If i had a clone id fuck it
It doesn't matter if she has other hobbies. It doesn't matter if she keeps it private. It doesn't matter if it doesn't hurt anyone. It's gross. She's gross. The world is better off without gays.
All mouths are made for fucking.
I really want a gamer girl.
gonna have to suck your little morty penis
me dumb dumb
> implying i thought sexual assault was ok
there's a finite amount of cum i can fit in my mouth
i mean yeah, there's a finite amount of cum i can fit in my butt, obviously
All files successfully violated. uh--
gecko's are cool