I am going to eldritch blast a giant weasel.
watch out he's got a semi
I'm gonna fuckinnnn cum in you
I'm not racist but black people do col - commlit a much more crime.
I'm not good when I'm sober around dark-skinned people.
i didn't hear anything but i thought i saw a dong
...and that's not ass-to-mouth, unless you want it to be
nothing wrong with snorting cum
oh, but in the future i still need a thing... to get that...
I may be sexually frustrated, but at least I'm dumb, ugly and short
alll i want for christmaaaaas, is pooooooo
I'm gonna become the Steven Crowder of eating poo
But of course, blind people are the last people I think of.
there are things Hitler could've done better
if i were a thin, white man, people would listen to me
i've been doxxed
if you think you can fucking trust that the world is real ... i'm fucking laughing ... i don't need perception to have these fucking holes
Thankyou. May the pussy juice flow well for you.
you just kinda feel short, you know?
C'mon, gimme butthole jamie
it feels like vaseline is a drug, it just smells so good
oh no you can taste my mum
if it says to turtle i will my foreskin off with my bare teeth
I'm diagnosing you as stupid.
i'll try not to accidentally become erect and violently TWIST my PENIS
who's your daddy? you. false.
imagine fucking in a zone of truth
i'm gonna remind you, for no reason whatsoever, that i am heterosexual
i'm gonna remind you, for no reason whatsoever, that i am heterosexual, just before you get your hopes up that i'm going to wrestle cosmo to the ground and fuck him
what do you think kit is? other than a sexless chess entity
ooh i went dogging last night at the local car park. it was jolly good fun
the A file's pretty nice, but i prefer a pedophile
Woah momma, what's that to the left, i'm gonna wank to that little thing
i just don't like fucking snakes
you know what isn't fun? fucking snakes
say something I can blackmail you with
Should I respond with a picture of my cock
Blacks
im going to sweat from my eyes you fucking onion
I don't think I got wet on purpose
breathalyser key card for your pussy door
I'm gonna cum bricks; i'm gonna stretch my urethra out
it's happening ughhhhhh
Mummy says I'm a very special boy, does anyone want to play chess?
of the people i've talked to, most people are rapists
I don't think he'd sexually assault someone ... on purpose.
it's a legal grey area
is it not sexual assault if it's kissing without tongue?
you can't become something you already are
I feel like i'm a woman on menopause, and on her period
Oh god, it's like giving sentience to a pig and then taking it away.
The opposite of a week is 5 minutes
alright, mr two-tone malone telephone
PLEASE don't piss on mike
Oh yeah I call Tegan the d word and then punch her.
do you guys want to play among us?
Hydrate the arse for the arse fuck
When I think of Edward, I just wanna fuck him.
I'm so straight it hurts
I am completely sober.
Ladies and gentlemen, we did it - cock equals balls.
I dont want them to be so sturdy that [they get stuck on someone's wrists all weekend], but I want want them to be sturdy enough that they don't just break from vigorous sex.
oooohhh, i'm getting closer
I'm gonna do myself
Can't stop me from fucking myself
don't worry here come my suicide units
it's a mixture of I came and stubbed my toe
It's so long
I'll touch it up
I could actually ejaculate from this position
if chess taught me anything, its that scholars get mated
soundin soundin soundin soundin makes me feel good
im gonna cum on my keyboard im gonna cum on my keyboard im gonna cum on my---
dont take away my porn 😭
mike i am completely flaccid
what's the whitest of these people
The Gods gave you two balls... and you use them both for your coitus. I can respect that.
lift your willy up and let the balls do the talking