Everything comes to he who waits ... and I have waited so very long for this moment.Books are the real treasures of the world!
I am the Alpha and the Omega. Death and rebirth. And, as you I die, so will I be reborn.
Not the way to treat your beloved ruler. Throw down your weapons or you die!
Tell me about the loneliness of good, He-Man. Is it equal to the loneliness of evil?
Where are they? Where are your friends now?
Madness! I demand of destitution, shame, and loneliness of scorn. It is my destiny! It is my right! Nothing will deter me from it!
You are all aware of the penalty for failure.
I ache to smash you out of existence! To drive your cursed face from my memories forever!
Return with me to Eternia as my slave and save their miserable lives, or perish with them on this primitive and tasteless planet. Surrender your sword.
Thank you for that bit of philosophy, Sorceress. Here is my response. Yes, Sorceress! The Sword of Greyskull! Mine! Now and forever!
I dare anything! I am Skeletor! Throw down your weapons and pledge yourselves to me!
Save your pity for yourself if you fail. Take them and whatever troops and resources you need.
Leave them alone. He-Man is my slave. As long as I let them live, he is bound by his word. Let them rot.
Yes! Let this be our final battle!
And when the moon reaches its zenith, the Great Eye will open and all the powers of Grayskull will be bestowed upon me. Your wondrous Sorceress will die!
Not in this body. When are you goody-goody fools going to understand?
I never ever do anything for goodness sake. Everything I do, is for the sake of evil.
By the powers of darkness, evil and fear, I command He-Man's memory to now disappear.
Forget it, Zagraz is mine. You want him, then you have to fight for him.
But he will resist. He is not like any of your others.
He-Man is a lucky fool! One day shall destroy him and his friends in the palace.
I am completely and utterly evil. I live to be bad! I care for no one and no one cares for me.
Are we flying backwards, beastie? Why haven't we reached Castle Grayskull?
Greetings, King Randor. Unless you'd like my pet here to demolish the palace, you'll surrender to me immediately.
Well, take him then. You will be doing me a favor!
No, you're wrong. I think about ruling all Eternia more than I think about fighting. Fighting is a close second.
He-Man, you are a fool! Daimar was not born to think, only to serve his superiors. He will follow my orders.
I, Skeletor, Master of the Universe, have awakened you!
It was spectacular. You're army is nothing without him.
When you can move again you can tell your people: if they want Prince Adam back, send He-Man to get him. We'll be in the Banshee Jungle.
Forwards, my lackeys, in the name of destruction!
Join me, Daimar, we'll rule Eternia together!
Beware the Mirror of Moravad, where bad is good, and good is bad. Where one may come, two depart, but only one may have the heart.
I cannot control Daimar, so I will conquer him!
You furry, flea-bitten fool, I’ll cover my throne with your hide!
I'll be back!
Beast Man, can you communicate with that furry pet of yours?
You! You will no longer stand between me and my destiny!
People of Eternia, the war is over. My forces are victorious. The Sorceress of Greyskull is my prisoner, and her powers are now joined with mine!
I'll get you for this, He-Man!
Someone is speaking to me...yes. Sorceress, my lovely prisoner, my prisoner at last. I've won. I've won. The darkness is rising to embrace you.
Let this be my first decree...those who do not pledge themselves to me shall be destroyed! The new age begins!
Kneel before your master...for you are no longer my equal, I am more than man, more than life! I am a god! Now. You... will... kneel! Kneel!
Where is your strength? Where has it gone? Look at your precious Sorceress - an old crone, weak... withering... dying. Are you ready to kneel now, proud warrior?
Do you hear, Sorceress? The final moment has come. All the forces of Greyskull, all the powers in the universe will be vested in me! Me! And you will cease to exist!
I am not in a giving vein this day.
Beast Man, you clumsy oaf, put your seatbelt on!
The Egg of Avion is mine! Soon we'll all have wings!
Curse you, He-Man. Some day I'll have the power to destroy you. Some day!
How else can I act, when I'm surrounded by such fools!
Come back here, I'll make Hollywag pie out of you! I'll turn you into a paperweight!
Dolts! Halfwits! Brainless idiots, you couldn't even beat a motley group of gnomes!
You think you're handy with that sword, huh?
No one 'gets' Skeletor. Away!
This is the way it had to end! With Skeletor triumphant at last!
They're bugging the big bones out of me.
Now I have the power!
That's solid magnetic force you're trapped in, He-Man! Not even a mega-bomb could dent it. Not only have you lost the disks, you've lost your freedom as well!
Here comes King Skeletor!
Back up, Muscle-boy! I want to know what you've done to the plants.
Once the Coridite is hot enough, I'll mold it into the image of my own breastplate. When worn against my skin, it will add to my strength a hundred times over, making me mighty enough to crush He-Man!
He-Man, your ugly friend sacrificed himself for nothing!
I will free you from the Phantom Dimension forever. And together we will attack Zodac and your other enemies who put you there.
Nice going, Whiplash! They've gotten away while were stuck in this vile swamp.
Who does that cabbage think he is?
It was torture, wasn't it? To be invisible in the world of men, unable to touch anyone, to speak to anyone?
Unite with Castle Grayskull? Never! Never will I set foot in Castle Grayskull until the day I enter as it's conqueror.
Stay where you are, He-Man! One more move and your friends will not live to see another day!
I must possess all, or I possess nothing.
Yes, we’ll win this game the old-fashioned way, the tried and true way: we’ll cheat!
I am not nice, I am not kind, and I am not wonderful!
Never mind what I said, just do what I said!
This inevitable moment will transpire before your eyes, even as He-Man himself bears witness to it. Now. I, Skeletor, am Master of the Universe! Yes! Yes... I feel it, the power... fills me.
How unpleasant it is to see you, you sniveling coward!
This planet, these people - They are nothing to me - the universe is power, pure, unstoppable power - and I am that force, I am that power!
I help no one but myself!
People of Eternia! I stand before the Great Eye of the galaxy. Chosen by destiny to receive the powers of Greyskull!
When the Great Eye opens. The people of Eternia will see you kneel before me, just before you die!
Our life-long battle in ending at last in the only way it could.
Yes, I feel the universe within me! I am... I am a part of the cosmos! Its energy flows... flows through me. Of what consequence are you now?
Witness this moment, He-Man! This moment where the powers of Greyskull will become mine for eternity!
He's as weak as a slime-kitten. Even you two could capture him.
Inventions? I always need new inventions!
This is becoming a wonderful day for evil! Soon I shall have Teela, Buzz-Off and that silly little bag of wind all in my power.
Give him another ray of weakness!
You haven't won yet, He-Man. Your precious Man-At-Arms is still in my not-so-safe keeping.
Your mistake will cost you dearly, old enemy. I'm about to rid Eternia of your hated presence forever.
Very interesting. So that little floating bag of wind has a secret hidden somewhere... Perhaps we should let this walking lightbulb, Aremesh, do our dirty work for us!
I want you to witness the effects of my genius first hand.
Doorway, now prove that Skeletor is clever. Sweep He-Man inside you and hold him forever!
You'll feel nothing, He-Man. But you will no longer be a problem to me.
Because you were a wimp scientist and you could be a wimp villain. Prove to me what you can do. Then we'll discuss letting you 'join up'.
I could write a book about what you don't know!
Like I said, there's nothing he can say that will convince me...except that.
Hmm. Whatever Demos and He-Man seek must have incredible power. I can wait no longer, I must have it for myself!
You've been awfully quiet today, Evil-Lyn. I thought I'd see what you were up to. Hm. What's this?
Well, I hope He-Man tries to stop us, because this time, we will crush him!
I had to take time off from destroying the swamp people's village, just to rescue you. And you didn't even have He-Man!